Add doc improvements related to environment and IdP configurations for Dev Portal (#1793)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/administer/configure-developer-portal-envs.md

> # Configure Exposed Environments to Developer Portal

Reviewer: https://github.com/wso2/docs-choreo-dev/wiki/Markdown-File-Naming-Conventions-and-Content-Formatting 
Shall we change the file name accordingly.

> # Configure Exposed Environments to Developer Portal

Reviewer: We need these docs in PE view too?

Author: Yes. I'll add them also with this PR ones the content is finalized.

The Choreo Developer Portal allows external developers to discover and consume APIs published by your organization. You can control APIs from which environments are visible and accessible through the Developer Portal.

Follow these steps to manage which environments are visible in the Developer Portal:

!!! Note -
    For organizations created after <date>, only the **Production** environment is exposed in the Developer Portal by default. Organizations created before this date have all environments visible in the Developer Portal.

> 1. Sign in to the Choreo Console at [https://console.choreo.dev/](https://console.choreo.dev/) using a Google/ GitHub/ Microsoft account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to [Choreo](https://console.choreo.dev/).
2. In the Choreo Console, go to the top navigation menu and click **Organization**. Then select your organization. 
```

2. In the Choreo Console header, go to the **Organization** list and select your organization.

3. In the left navigation menu, click **API Management** and then click on **Developer Portal**.

> 4. Expand the **Environments** section and configure the Choreo environments exposed to the Developer Portal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Expand the **Environments** section and configure the environments exposed to the Developer Portal.
```
